README.md, before:

# Adventure creation system

*Automatically synced with your [v0.app](https://v0.app) deployments*

[![Deployed on Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deployed%20on-Vercel-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel)](https://vercel.com/kisaltos-projects/v0-adventure-creation-system)
[![Built with v0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Built%20with-v0.app-black?style=for-the-badge)](https://v0.app/chat/projects/2pORFp2t5A4)

## Overview

This repository will stay in sync with your deployed chats on [v0.app](https://v0.app).
Any changes you make to your deployed app will be automatically pushed to this repository from [v0.app](https://v0.app).

## Deployment

Your project is live at:

**[https://vercel.com/kisaltos-projects/v0-adventure-creation-system](https://vercel.com/kisaltos-projects/v0-adventure-creation-system)**

## Build your app

Continue building your app on:

**[https://v0.app/chat/projects/2pORFp2t5A4](https://v0.app/chat/projects/2pORFp2t5A4)**

## How It Works

1. Create and modify your project using [v0.app](https://v0.app)
2. Deploy your chats from the v0 interface
3. Changes are automatically pushed to this repository
4. Vercel deploys the latest version from this repository

Commit message:

feat: update project name to "The Cage of Worlds"
Reflect thematic alignment with D&D and Sigil universe.

Co-authored-by: Joshua Binotto <133135094+kisalto@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# The Cage of Worlds

*Automatically synced with your [v0.app](https://v0.app) deployments*

[![Deployed on Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deployed%20on-Vercel-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel)](https://vercel.com/kisaltos-projects/v0-adventure-creation-system)
[![Built with v0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Built%20with-v0.app-black?style=for-the-badge)](https://v0.app/chat/projects/2pORFp2t5A4)

## Overview

The Cage of Worlds is a D&D campaign management system inspired by Sigil, the City of Doors at the center of the multiverse. Organize your adventures, characters, regions, and stories in one place.

This repository will stay in sync with your deployed chats on [v0.app](https://v0.app).
Any changes you make to your deployed app will be automatically pushed to this repository from [v0.app](https://v0.app).

## Deployment

Your project is live at:

**[https://vercel.com/kisaltos-projects/v0-adventure-creation-system](https://vercel.com/kisaltos-projects/v0-adventure-creation-system)**

## Build your app

Continue building your app on:

**[https://v0.app/chat/projects/2pORFp2t5A4](https://v0.app/chat/projects/2pORFp2t5A4)**

## How It Works

1. Create and modify your project using [v0.app](https://v0.app)
2. Deploy your chats from the v0 interface
3. Changes are automatically pushed to this repository
4. Vercel deploys the latest version from this repository
